hi this is Dan Griggs at Mills Ford and
Brainerd happy to present you a 2007
Ford Escape XLT stock number one F 1 2 0
0 64 a this is in Vista blue clear coat
metallic this has the brilliant silver
lower accent on the vehicle XLT is going
to have your machined aluminum wheels
you see that vehicle has brand-new tires
on it maybe you can or can't see that
but it does integrated fog lamps up
front you have the luggage rack it's
also going to have the deep tinted
privacy glass in the second and back row
there this one does have the integrated
step bars we sold this vehicle a few
years ago to the previous owner they
bought it from us as a program car and
they loved it so much they just trade it
in for a brand new 2012 so it is fresh
trade-in off of the purchase of a new
2012 and it's a local owner that had it
you know really a nice rig 61 354 on the
odometer and that's the door ajar light
and the fuel light we need to put a
little bit of gas in it but no lights on
it on the computer or anything audio
files six CD sound system just a
beautiful sound system with a subwoofer
in the rear there all your power
equipment like you would expect
including a power driver seat this one
does have the leather package in it
which is really nice side airbags safety
canopy 4-wheel anti-lock brakes so lots
of nice safety features this one does
have the 3 litre v6 dual overhead cam
engine in it that duratec 5 passenger
seating open the rear hatch here this
does have you know the split fold seats
you can pull the cushion up and then the
seat backs fold down so you got a
completely flat load floor so you're
gonna have lots of storage room there in
the back it does have a class 2 hitch on
it
whether you want to tow a small trailer
or if you want to haul
by crack that type of thing so hey Mills
Automotive Group features hundreds of
vehicles online you can check them out
24 hours a day from the comfort of your
home at Mills Auto calm every used
vehicle purchase includes a one-year
membership in the Mills elite advantage
program help you save thousands at over
two hundred thousand merchants
nationally you can also earn points
towards your future vehicle purchase our
sales managers they spend a lot of time
they check out the market make sure that
our vehicles represent the most value
for your money you can buy with
confidence know when you got a great
value this is Dan Griggs at Mills Ford
in Brainerd hopefully if you see
something you like and you want to check
it out give me a call would be an honor
and privilege to serve you thanks for
watching my video and have a great day